Mr. Lu, what you have to worry about now
It should be that Lu Enterprises is facing the risk of divestment
That Mr. Lu
We'll take our leave.
Fu, we really can't afford to offend now
Secrecy is critical
no makeup
I will never make you feel better
headache
Are there any other parts of your body that are uncomfortable?
Take you to the hospital
It doesn't hurt, I screwed it up if you don't contract.
It doesn't matter, no one dares to let you hurt like this
The last time you asked me that question
I already have the answer in my heart
Now is not the time to say that I want to cover the insurance
Body is fine
Xiaofu drives
Yes, ma'am, sit down.
You you
I'll explain it to you when I go back.
I want to know the answer now
Uh tree miss
My assistant has been with me for so long
The woman he loved was hurt
It's okay for me to be a driver once
Just sit down, that's fine
Hello mom Xiaoyan
You're finally willing to answer the phone. Mom has an accident